(Avaliacao:5.50) - A series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story .	
(Avaliacao:2.80) - This quiet , introspective and entertaining independent is worth seeking .	
(Avaliacao:-2.70) - Even fans of Ismail Merchant 's work , I suspect , would have a hard time sitting through this one .	
(Avaliacao:-7.40) - A positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder of a Shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera .	
(Avaliacao:-0.50) - Aggressive self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash .	
(Avaliacao:-1.40) - A comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis .	
(Avaliacao:-5.20) - Narratively , Trouble Every Day is a plodding mess .	
(Avaliacao:5.20) - The Importance of Being Earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from Bartlett 's Familiar Quotations	
(Avaliacao:-0.20) - But it does n't leave you with much .	
(Avaliacao:-2.70) - You could hate it for the same reason .	
(Avaliacao:-1.40) - There 's little to recommend Snow Dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity .	
(Avaliacao:1.60) - Kung Pow is Oedekerk 's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that .	
(Avaliacao:2.80) - The performances are an absolute joy .	
(Avaliacao:1.30) - Fresnadillo has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense .	
(Avaliacao:1.80) - I still like Moonlight Mile , better judgment be damned .	
(Avaliacao:8.10) - A welcome relief from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic , this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story .	
(Avaliacao:5.60) - a bilingual charmer , just like the woman who inspired it	
(Avaliacao:6.60) - Like a less dizzily gorgeous companion to Mr. Wong 's In the Mood for Love -- very much a Hong Kong movie despite its mainland setting .	
(Avaliacao:-4.00) - As inept as big-screen remakes of The Avengers and The Wild Wild West .	
(Avaliacao:-4.00) - It 's everything you 'd expect -- but nothing more .	
(Avaliacao:3.20) - Best indie of the year , so far .	
(Avaliacao:-1.10) - Hatfield and Hicks make the oddest of couples , and in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications .	
(Avaliacao:2.10) - It 's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend .	
(Avaliacao:0.50) - That the Chuck Norris `` grenade gag '' occurs about 7 times during Windtalkers is a good indication of how serious-minded the film is .	
(Avaliacao:3.20) - The plot is romantic comedy boilerplate from start to finish .	
(Avaliacao:0.00) - It arrives with an impeccable pedigree , mongrel pep , and almost indecipherable plot complications .	
(Avaliacao:1.70) - A film that clearly means to preach exclusively to the converted .	
(Avaliacao:7.50) - While The Importance of Being Earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles , it does n't give us a reason to be in the theater beyond Wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances .	
(Avaliacao:-2.20) - The latest vapid actor 's exercise to appropriate the structure of Arthur Schnitzler 's Reigen .	
(Avaliacao:0.90) - More vaudeville show than well-constructed narrative , but on those terms it 's inoffensive and actually rather sweet .	
(Avaliacao:0.00) - Nothing more than a run-of-the-mill action flick .	
(Avaliacao:0.30) - Hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ... that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire .	
(Avaliacao:1.50) - Ice Age is the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies , and that makes for some glacial pacing early on .	
(Avaliacao:-2.20) - There 's very little sense to what 's going on here , but the makers serve up the cliches with considerable dash .	
(Avaliacao:2.70) - Cattaneo should have followed the runaway success of his first film , The Full Monty , with something different .	
(Avaliacao:-2.60) - They 're the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid .	
(Avaliacao:5.20) - It almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us .	
(Avaliacao:-5.30) - The movie 's progression into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error . '	
(Avaliacao:-1.10) - Do n't judge this one too soon - it 's a dark , gritty story but it takes off in totally unexpected directions and keeps on going .	
(Avaliacao:1.90) - So could young romantics out on a date .	
(Avaliacao:-2.50) - Tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality .	
(Avaliacao:-4.10) - Vincent Gallo is right at home in this French shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role .	
(Avaliacao:-5.80) - If a horror movie 's primary goal is to frighten and disturb , then They works spectacularly well ... A shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride .	
(Avaliacao:0.00) - This 100-minute movie only has about 25 minutes of decent material .	
(Avaliacao:2.00) - Fortunately , you still have that option .	
(Avaliacao:-2.40) - Less the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling -LRB- though no less horrifying for it -RRB- .	
(Avaliacao:0.30) - As tricky and satisfying as any of David Mamet 's airless cinematic shell games .	
(Avaliacao:1.70) - I 'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , I do n't see the point .	
(Avaliacao:2.40) - Jones has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers .	
(Avaliacao:-1.20) - Bloody Sunday has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made .	
(Avaliacao:2.70) - Takes a clunky TV-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated Irish playwright , poet and drinker .	
(Avaliacao:0.20) - Finally coming down off of Miramax 's deep shelves after a couple of aborted attempts , Waking Up in Reno makes a strong case for letting sleeping dogs lie .	
(Avaliacao:1.80) - Thanks largely to Williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film .	
(Avaliacao:0.10) - Comes across as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible .	
(Avaliacao:-1.10) - Perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but it is .	
(Avaliacao:0.00) - Both lead performances are Oscar-size .	
(Avaliacao:0.00) - Run for your lives !	
(Avaliacao:1.50) - Mark Pellington 's latest pop thriller is as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth .	
(Avaliacao:1.60) - Claude Chabrol 's camera has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements .	
(Avaliacao:0.20) - Transforms one of -LRB- Shakespeare 's -RRB- deepest tragedies into a smart new comedy .	
(Avaliacao:-0.90) - The screenplay by James Eric , James Horton and director Peter O'Fallon ... is so pat it makes your teeth hurt .	
(Avaliacao:0.00) - But arriving at a particularly dark moment in history , it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us .	
(Avaliacao:-4.80) - Its generic villains lack any intrigue -LRB- other than their funny accents -RRB- and the action scenes are poorly delivered .	
(Avaliacao:0.00) - The characters are more deeply thought through than in most ` right-thinking ' films .	
(Avaliacao:5.30) - The film , despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , is still good fun .	
(Avaliacao:-7.00) - Downright transparent is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' PG-13 rating .	
(Avaliacao:-3.90) - A smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : It gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic .	
(Avaliacao:0.40) - It 's like a drive-by .	
(Avaliacao:2.10) - is many things -- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia -- but above all it 's a love story as sanguine as its title .	
(Avaliacao:0.10) - A very funny romantic comedy about two skittish New York middle-agers who stumble into a relationship and then struggle furiously with their fears and foibles .	
(Avaliacao:1.10) - But it has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness .	
(Avaliacao:3.30) - -LRB- Scherfig -RRB- has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll .	
(Avaliacao:0.00) - -LRB- An -RRB- absorbing documentary .	
(Avaliacao:0.00) - Reeks of rot and hack work from start to finish .	
(Avaliacao:2.50) - Plays like a series of vignettes -- clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line .	
(Avaliacao:0.00) -  	
(Avaliacao:-3.80) - The major problem with Windtalkers is that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character .	
(Avaliacao:1.00) - Swimfan , like Fatal Attraction , eventually goes overboard with a loony melodramatic denouement in which a high school swimming pool substitutes for a bathtub .	
(Avaliacao:2.50) - This is a heartfelt story ... it just is n't a very involving one .	
(Avaliacao:3.10) - An unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that does its predecessors proud .	
(Avaliacao:4.30) - All in all , it 's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones Hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .	
(Avaliacao:-0.90) - Phillip Noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , Christopher Doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of Greene 's prose , and it 's there on the screen in their version of The Quiet American .	
(Avaliacao:-1.60) - The Pianist lacks the quick emotional connections of Steven Spielberg 's Schindler 's List .	
(Avaliacao:-0.40) - Inventive , fun , intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening .	
(Avaliacao:3.40) - Tells a fascinating , compelling story .	
(Avaliacao:-1.10) - Written , flatly , by David Kendall and directed , barely , by There 's Something About Mary co-writer Ed Decter .	
(Avaliacao:6.10) - Highly recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting .	
(Avaliacao:2.60) - In IMAX in short , it 's just as wonderful on the big screen .	
(Avaliacao:-1.10) - It shows us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable .	
(Avaliacao:-1.60) - Amid the shock and curiosity factors , the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way .	
(Avaliacao:-4.00) - It 's lazy for a movie to avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another .	
(Avaliacao:1.10) - ... it 's as comprehensible as any Dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy .	
(Avaliacao:4.30) - Entertains not so much because of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching Disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel .	
(Avaliacao:0.00) - Writer\/director Burr Steers emphasizes the Q in Quirky , with mixed results .	
(Avaliacao:1.30) - Scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres graced with its company .	
(Avaliacao:2.10) - Invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow of emotion .	
(Avaliacao:1.90) - `` Analyze That '' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .	
(Avaliacao:2.00) - Report card : Does n't live up to the exalted tagline - there 's definite room for improvement .	
(Avaliacao:0.80) - It 's not a particularly good film , but neither is it a monsterous one .	
(Avaliacao:0.00) - Tsai may be ploughing the same furrow once too often .	
(Avaliacao:2.50) - -LRB- Green is -RRB- the comedy equivalent of Saddam Hussein , and I 'm just about ready to go to the U.N. and ask permission for a preemptive strike .	
(Avaliacao:-1.10) - A surprisingly ` solid ' achievement by director Malcolm D. Lee and writer John Ridley .	
(Avaliacao:-5.50) - Massoud 's story is an epic , but also a tragedy , the record of a tenacious , humane fighter who was also the prisoner -LRB- and ultimately the victim -RRB- of history .	
(Avaliacao:0.00) - Changing Lanes tries for more .	
(Avaliacao:0.10) - Shyamalan should stop trying to please his mom .	
(Avaliacao:-0.50) - A macabre and very stylized Swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters .	
(Avaliacao:0.50) - One of recent memory 's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise .	
(Avaliacao:-0.80) - The narrative is so consistently unimaginative that probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking Mystery Science Theater 3000 guys .	
(Avaliacao:2.30) - Filmmaker Tian Zhuangzhuang triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power .	
(Avaliacao:5.80) - A mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird Masterpiece Theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being .	
(Avaliacao:4.00) - Takes one character we do n't like and another we do n't believe , and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and is n't very funny .	
(Avaliacao:3.80) - And if you appreciate the one-sided theme to Lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade , then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified Martin Lawrence lovefest .	
(Avaliacao:-3.90) - The whole film has this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product .	
(Avaliacao:2.20) - Whenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy , a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us .	
(Avaliacao:3.20) - Swinging , the film makes it seem , is not a hobby that attracts the young and fit .	
(Avaliacao:0.00) - But when it does , you 're entirely unprepared .	
(Avaliacao:4.30) - Devos delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower .	
(Avaliacao:2.00) - 300 years of Russian history and culture compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness .	
(Avaliacao:4.40) - The filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time , and in their cheap , B movie way , they succeed .	
(Avaliacao:-3.00) - Mr. Polanski is in his element here : alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival .	
(Avaliacao:8.40) - `` Spider-man is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff .	
(Avaliacao:0.00) - Absorbing character	
(Avaliacao:-1.00) - Violent , vulgar and forgettably entertaining .	
(Avaliacao:0.90) - It 's the unsettling images of a war-ravaged land that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of Sarah and Harrison .	
(Avaliacao:7.90) - Winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars .	
(Total de comparacoes:28288)