A series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story .	
This quiet , introspective and entertaining independent is worth seeking .	
Even fans of Ismail Merchant 's work , I suspect , would have a hard time sitting through this one .	
A positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder of a Shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera .	
Aggressive self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash .	
A comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis .	
Narratively , Trouble Every Day is a plodding mess .	
The Importance of Being Earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from Bartlett 's Familiar Quotations	
But it does n't leave you with much .	
You could hate it for the same reason .	
There 's little to recommend Snow Dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity .	
Kung Pow is Oedekerk 's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that .	
The performances are an absolute joy .	
Fresnadillo has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense .	
I still like Moonlight Mile , better judgment be damned .	
A welcome relief from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic , this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story .	
a bilingual charmer , just like the woman who inspired it	
Like a less dizzily gorgeous companion to Mr. Wong 's In the Mood for Love -- very much a Hong Kong movie despite its mainland setting .	
As inept as big-screen remakes of The Avengers and The Wild Wild West .	
It 's everything you 'd expect -- but nothing more .	
Best indie of the year , so far .	
Hatfield and Hicks make the oddest of couples , and in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications .	
It 's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend .	
That the Chuck Norris `` grenade gag '' occurs about 7 times during Windtalkers is a good indication of how serious-minded the film is .	
The plot is romantic comedy boilerplate from start to finish .	
It arrives with an impeccable pedigree , mongrel pep , and almost indecipherable plot complications .	
A film that clearly means to preach exclusively to the converted .	
While The Importance of Being Earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles , it does n't give us a reason to be in the theater beyond Wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances .	
The latest vapid actor 's exercise to appropriate the structure of Arthur Schnitzler 's Reigen .	
More vaudeville show than well-constructed narrative , but on those terms it 's inoffensive and actually rather sweet .	
Nothing more than a run-of-the-mill action flick .	
Hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ... that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire .	
Ice Age is the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies , and that makes for some glacial pacing early on .	
There 's very little sense to what 's going on here , but the makers serve up the cliches with considerable dash .	
Cattaneo should have followed the runaway success of his first film , The Full Monty , with something different .	
They 're the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid .	
It almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us .	
The movie 's progression into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error . '	
Do n't judge this one too soon - it 's a dark , gritty story but it takes off in totally unexpected directions and keeps on going .	
So could young romantics out on a date .	
Tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality .	
Vincent Gallo is right at home in this French shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role .	
If a horror movie 's primary goal is to frighten and disturb , then They works spectacularly well ... A shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride .	
This 100-minute movie only has about 25 minutes of decent material .	
Fortunately , you still have that option .	
Less the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling -LRB- though no less horrifying for it -RRB- .	
As tricky and satisfying as any of David Mamet 's airless cinematic shell games .	
I 'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , I do n't see the point .	
Jones has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers .	
Bloody Sunday has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made .	
Takes a clunky TV-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated Irish playwright , poet and drinker .	
Finally coming down off of Miramax 's deep shelves after a couple of aborted attempts , Waking Up in Reno makes a strong case for letting sleeping dogs lie .	
Thanks largely to Williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film .	
Comes across as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible .	
Perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but it is .	
Both lead performances are Oscar-size .	
Run for your lives !	
Mark Pellington 's latest pop thriller is as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth .	
Claude Chabrol 's camera has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements .	
Transforms one of -LRB- Shakespeare 's -RRB- deepest tragedies into a smart new comedy .	
The screenplay by James Eric , James Horton and director Peter O'Fallon ... is so pat it makes your teeth hurt .	
But arriving at a particularly dark moment in history , it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us .	
Its generic villains lack any intrigue -LRB- other than their funny accents -RRB- and the action scenes are poorly delivered .	
The characters are more deeply thought through than in most ` right-thinking ' films .	
The film , despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , is still good fun .	
Downright transparent is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' PG-13 rating .	
A smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : It gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic .	
It 's like a drive-by .	
is many things -- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia -- but above all it 's a love story as sanguine as its title .	
A very funny romantic comedy about two skittish New York middle-agers who stumble into a relationship and then struggle furiously with their fears and foibles .	
But it has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness .	
-LRB- Scherfig -RRB- has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll .	
-LRB- An -RRB- absorbing documentary .	
Reeks of rot and hack work from start to finish .	
Plays like a series of vignettes -- clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line .	
 	
The major problem with Windtalkers is that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character .	
Swimfan , like Fatal Attraction , eventually goes overboard with a loony melodramatic denouement in which a high school swimming pool substitutes for a bathtub .	
This is a heartfelt story ... it just is n't a very involving one .	
An unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that does its predecessors proud .	
All in all , it 's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones Hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .	
Phillip Noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , Christopher Doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of Greene 's prose , and it 's there on the screen in their version of The Quiet American .	
The Pianist lacks the quick emotional connections of Steven Spielberg 's Schindler 's List .	
Inventive , fun , intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening .	
Tells a fascinating , compelling story .	
Written , flatly , by David Kendall and directed , barely , by There 's Something About Mary co-writer Ed Decter .	
Highly recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting .	
In IMAX in short , it 's just as wonderful on the big screen .	
It shows us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable .	
Amid the shock and curiosity factors , the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way .	
It 's lazy for a movie to avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another .	
... it 's as comprehensible as any Dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy .	
Entertains not so much because of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching Disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel .	
Writer\/director Burr Steers emphasizes the Q in Quirky , with mixed results .	
Scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres graced with its company .	
Invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow of emotion .	
`` Analyze That '' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .	
Report card : Does n't live up to the exalted tagline - there 's definite room for improvement .	
It 's not a particularly good film , but neither is it a monsterous one .	
Tsai may be ploughing the same furrow once too often .	
-LRB- Green is -RRB- the comedy equivalent of Saddam Hussein , and I 'm just about ready to go to the U.N. and ask permission for a preemptive strike .	
A surprisingly ` solid ' achievement by director Malcolm D. Lee and writer John Ridley .	
Massoud 's story is an epic , but also a tragedy , the record of a tenacious , humane fighter who was also the prisoner -LRB- and ultimately the victim -RRB- of history .	
Changing Lanes tries for more .	
Shyamalan should stop trying to please his mom .	
A macabre and very stylized Swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters .	
One of recent memory 's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise .	
The narrative is so consistently unimaginative that probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking Mystery Science Theater 3000 guys .	
Filmmaker Tian Zhuangzhuang triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power .	
A mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird Masterpiece Theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being .	
Takes one character we do n't like and another we do n't believe , and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and is n't very funny .	
And if you appreciate the one-sided theme to Lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade , then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified Martin Lawrence lovefest .	
The whole film has this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product .	
Whenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy , a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us .	
Swinging , the film makes it seem , is not a hobby that attracts the young and fit .	
But when it does , you 're entirely unprepared .	
Devos delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower .	
300 years of Russian history and culture compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness .	
The filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time , and in their cheap , B movie way , they succeed .	
Mr. Polanski is in his element here : alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival .	
`` Spider-man is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff .	
Absorbing character	
Violent , vulgar and forgettably entertaining .	
It 's the unsettling images of a war-ravaged land that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of Sarah and Harrison .	
Winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars .	
If Mostly Martha is mostly unsurprising , it 's still a sweet , even delectable diversion .	
A thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people , seen through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause .	
Keenly observed and refreshingly natural , Swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in Myrtle Beach , S.C. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .	
A brilliant gag at the expense of those who paid for it and those who pay to see it .	
A triumph , a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light .	
Just about everyone involved here seems to be coasting .	
A fascinating , dark thriller that keeps you hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction .	
I suspect this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the DVD .	
It 's hard to say who might enjoy this , are there Tolstoy groupies out there ?	
Daughter From Danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds .	
One of the year 's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces .	
Intriguing and downright intoxicating .	
Although fairly involving as far as it goes , the film does n't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up Catholic or , really , anything .	
The movie is silly beyond comprehension , and even if it were n't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension .	
Sleek and arty .	
Poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue highlight the radical action .	
-LRB- Cho 's face is -RRB- an amazing slapstick instrument , creating a scrapbook of living mug shots .	
It gets the details of its time frame right but it completely misses its emotions .	
Initial strangeness inexorably gives way to rote sentimentality and mystical tenderness becomes narrative expedience .	
It lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho , without making him any less psycho .	
Like the world of his film , Hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it .	
When cowering and begging at the feet a scruffy Giannini , Madonna gives her best performance since Abel Ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his Dangerous Game .	
Too clumsy in key moments ... to make a big splash .	
Because Eight Legged Freaks is partly an homage to Them , Tarantula and other low - budget B-movie thrillers of the 1950s and '60s , the movie is a silly -LRB- but not sophomoric -RRB- romp through horror and hellish conditions .	
It feels like very light Errol Morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs .	
Spielberg 's realization of a near-future America is masterful .	
There 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : Mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces .	
He 's one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness .	
Feels like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form .	
... stale and uninspired .	
In the director 's cut , the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .	
Has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke .	
Eerily accurate depiction of depression .	
As a feature-length film , it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character .	
An uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations . '	
The story alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head .	
It 's the filmmakers ' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time B movies good-bad that makes Eight Legged Freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion .	
As any creature-feature fan knows , when you cross toxic chemicals with a bunch of exotic creatures , you get a lot of running around , screaming and death .	
You bet there is and it 's what makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking .	
Before it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy , Steven Shainberg 's adaptation of Mary Gaitskill 's harrowing short story ... is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience .	
Kim Ki-Deok seems to have in mind an -LRB- emotionally at least -RRB- adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested .	
Has no reason to exist , other than to employ Hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents .	
A well-made but emotionally scattered film whose hero gives his heart only to the dog .	
Those who love Cinema Paradiso will find the new scenes interesting , but few will find the movie improved .	
Campanella gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful .	
Nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises .	
It 's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects .	
Wallace gets a bit heavy handed with his message at times , and has a visual flair that waxes poetic far too much for our taste .	
Charming and funny -LRB- but ultimately silly -RRB- movie .	
... the one thing this Wild film has that other Imax films do n't : chimps , lots of chimps , all blown up to the size of a house .	
Starts out mediocre , spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion .	
This is a children 's film in the truest sense .	
Horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible .	
Beautifully crafted , engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing .	
An awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism .	
The punch lines that miss , unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one .	
Like Smoke Signals , the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama	
Evokes the style and flash of the double-cross that made Mamet 's `` House of Games '' and last fall 's `` Heist '' so much fun .	
The film aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once .	
At a brief 42 minutes , we need more X and less blab .	
The Spalding Gray equivalent of a teen gross-out comedy .	
There 's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments .	
Uneven but a lot of fun .	
The result might look like Vulgar .	
The film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes -- it 's insanely violent and very graphic .	
The dragons are the real stars of Reign of Fire and you wo n't be disappointed .	
It never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people .	
Manages to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state .	
The movie generates plot points with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing .	
Though the film never veers from its comic course , its unintentional parallels might inadvertently evoke memories and emotions which are anything but humorous .	
The film can depress you about life itself .	
If you saw it on TV , you 'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie .	
You get the impression that writer and director Burr Steers knows the territory ... but his sense of humor has yet to lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools .	
This is a superior horror flick .	
The movie 's heavy-handed screenplay navigates a fast fade into pomposity and pretentiousness .	
A little weak -- and it is n't that funny .	
But they do n't fit well together and neither is well told .	
Being latently gay and liking to read are hardly enough .	
More sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are ... an amusing little catch .	
Storytelling feels slight .	
Monte Cristo smartly emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds .	
It 's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned Indian film culture that allows Americans to finally revel in its splendor .	
Well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances of the grieving process .	
... only Bond can save us from the latest eccentric , super-wealthy megalomaniac bent on world domination and destruction .	
It is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound .	
Damon brings the proper conviction to his role as -LRB- Jason Bourne -RRB- .	
Parents beware ; this is downright movie penance .	
When it 's this rich and luscious , who cares ?	
A singularly off-putting romantic comedy .	
Director Boris von Sychowski instead opts for a routine slasher film that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through .	
Would 've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement .	
A superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : Everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find .	
An earnest , roughshod document , it serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool .	
Cloaks a familiar anti-feminist equation -LRB- career - kids = misery -RRB- in tiresome romantic-comedy duds .	
A film that plays things so nice 'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen .	
His work transcends the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love stories .	
An even more predictable , cliche-ridden endeavor than its predecessor .	
Plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of TV 's Dawson 's Creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of Love Story .	
The script covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people .	
The film is so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen .	
They threw loads of money at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans .	
It 's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 .	
Though the film is well-intentioned , one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable .	
Jolting into Charleston rhythms , the story has the sizzle of old news that has finally found the right vent -LRB- accurate ?	
Or both .	
Williams plays Sy , another of his open-faced , smiling madmen , like the killer in Insomnia .	
Phoned-in business as usual .	
With its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action , All About the Benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .	
Ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze .	
Thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot of very bad Scouse accents	
In an era where big stars and high production values are standard procedure , Narc strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve .	
A rip-roaring comedy action fest that 'll put hairs on your chest .	
... a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind .	
Miyazaki is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers .	
A chronicle not only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department .	
Provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' I need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending .	
Feels strangely hollow at its emotional core .	
At a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism American moviemaking ever had , Godfrey Reggio 's career shines like a lonely beacon .	
Director Roger Michell does so many of the little things right that it 's difficult not to cuss him out severely for bungling the big stuff .	
Robert Harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills -- his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film 's thick shadows .	
This movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen , but it 's the work of an artist , one whose view of America , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .	
Feral and uncomfortable .	
Sillier , cuter , and shorter than the first -LRB- as best I remember -RRB- , but still a very good time at the cinema .	
It 's more enjoyable than I expected , though , and that 's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs .	
Black-and-white and unrealistic .	