A series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story .	
This quiet , introspective and entertaining independent is worth seeking .	
Even fans of Ismail Merchant 's work , I suspect , would have a hard time sitting through this one .	
A positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder of a Shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera .	
Aggressive self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash .	
A comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis .	
Narratively , Trouble Every Day is a plodding mess .	
The Importance of Being Earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from Bartlett 's Familiar Quotations	
But it does n't leave you with much .	
You could hate it for the same reason .	
There 's little to recommend Snow Dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity .	
Kung Pow is Oedekerk 's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that .	
The performances are an absolute joy .	
Fresnadillo has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense .	
I still like Moonlight Mile , better judgment be damned .	
A welcome relief from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic , this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story .	
a bilingual charmer , just like the woman who inspired it	
Like a less dizzily gorgeous companion to Mr. Wong 's In the Mood for Love -- very much a Hong Kong movie despite its mainland setting .	
As inept as big-screen remakes of The Avengers and The Wild Wild West .	
It 's everything you 'd expect -- but nothing more .	
Best indie of the year , so far .	
Hatfield and Hicks make the oddest of couples , and in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications .	
It 's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend .	
That the Chuck Norris `` grenade gag '' occurs about 7 times during Windtalkers is a good indication of how serious-minded the film is .	
The plot is romantic comedy boilerplate from start to finish .	
It arrives with an impeccable pedigree , mongrel pep , and almost indecipherable plot complications .	
A film that clearly means to preach exclusively to the converted .	
While The Importance of Being Earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles , it does n't give us a reason to be in the theater beyond Wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances .	
The latest vapid actor 's exercise to appropriate the structure of Arthur Schnitzler 's Reigen .	
More vaudeville show than well-constructed narrative , but on those terms it 's inoffensive and actually rather sweet .	
Nothing more than a run-of-the-mill action flick .	
Hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ... that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire .	
Ice Age is the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies , and that makes for some glacial pacing early on .	
There 's very little sense to what 's going on here , but the makers serve up the cliches with considerable dash .	
Cattaneo should have followed the runaway success of his first film , The Full Monty , with something different .	
They 're the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid .	
It almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us .	
The movie 's progression into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error . '	
Do n't judge this one too soon - it 's a dark , gritty story but it takes off in totally unexpected directions and keeps on going .	
So could young romantics out on a date .	
Tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality .	
Vincent Gallo is right at home in this French shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role .	
If a horror movie 's primary goal is to frighten and disturb , then They works spectacularly well ... A shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride .	
This 100-minute movie only has about 25 minutes of decent material .	
Fortunately , you still have that option .	
Less the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling -LRB- though no less horrifying for it -RRB- .	
As tricky and satisfying as any of David Mamet 's airless cinematic shell games .	
I 'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , I do n't see the point .	
Jones has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers .	
Bloody Sunday has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made .	
Takes a clunky TV-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated Irish playwright , poet and drinker .	
Finally coming down off of Miramax 's deep shelves after a couple of aborted attempts , Waking Up in Reno makes a strong case for letting sleeping dogs lie .	
Thanks largely to Williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film .	
Comes across as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible .	
Perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but it is .	
Both lead performances are Oscar-size .	
Run for your lives !	
Mark Pellington 's latest pop thriller is as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth .	
Claude Chabrol 's camera has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements .	
Transforms one of -LRB- Shakespeare 's -RRB- deepest tragedies into a smart new comedy .	
The screenplay by James Eric , James Horton and director Peter O'Fallon ... is so pat it makes your teeth hurt .	
But arriving at a particularly dark moment in history , it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us .	
Its generic villains lack any intrigue -LRB- other than their funny accents -RRB- and the action scenes are poorly delivered .	
The characters are more deeply thought through than in most ` right-thinking ' films .	
The film , despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , is still good fun .	
Downright transparent is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' PG-13 rating .	
A smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : It gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic .	
It 's like a drive-by .	
is many things -- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia -- but above all it 's a love story as sanguine as its title .	
A very funny romantic comedy about two skittish New York middle-agers who stumble into a relationship and then struggle furiously with their fears and foibles .	
But it has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness .	
-LRB- Scherfig -RRB- has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll .	
-LRB- An -RRB- absorbing documentary .	
Reeks of rot and hack work from start to finish .	
Plays like a series of vignettes -- clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line .	
 	
The major problem with Windtalkers is that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character .	
Swimfan , like Fatal Attraction , eventually goes overboard with a loony melodramatic denouement in which a high school swimming pool substitutes for a bathtub .	
This is a heartfelt story ... it just is n't a very involving one .	
An unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that does its predecessors proud .	
All in all , it 's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones Hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .	
Phillip Noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , Christopher Doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of Greene 's prose , and it 's there on the screen in their version of The Quiet American .	
The Pianist lacks the quick emotional connections of Steven Spielberg 's Schindler 's List .	
Inventive , fun , intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening .	
Tells a fascinating , compelling story .	
Written , flatly , by David Kendall and directed , barely , by There 's Something About Mary co-writer Ed Decter .	
Highly recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting .	
In IMAX in short , it 's just as wonderful on the big screen .	
It shows us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable .	
Amid the shock and curiosity factors , the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way .	
It 's lazy for a movie to avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another .	
... it 's as comprehensible as any Dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy .	
Entertains not so much because of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching Disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel .	
Writer\/director Burr Steers emphasizes the Q in Quirky , with mixed results .	
Scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres graced with its company .	
Invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow of emotion .	
`` Analyze That '' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .	
Report card : Does n't live up to the exalted tagline - there 's definite room for improvement .	
It 's not a particularly good film , but neither is it a monsterous one .	
Tsai may be ploughing the same furrow once too often .	
-LRB- Green is -RRB- the comedy equivalent of Saddam Hussein , and I 'm just about ready to go to the U.N. and ask permission for a preemptive strike .	
A surprisingly ` solid ' achievement by director Malcolm D. Lee and writer John Ridley .	
Massoud 's story is an epic , but also a tragedy , the record of a tenacious , humane fighter who was also the prisoner -LRB- and ultimately the victim -RRB- of history .	
Changing Lanes tries for more .	
Shyamalan should stop trying to please his mom .	
A macabre and very stylized Swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters .	
One of recent memory 's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise .	
The narrative is so consistently unimaginative that probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking Mystery Science Theater 3000 guys .	
Filmmaker Tian Zhuangzhuang triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power .	
A mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird Masterpiece Theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being .	
Takes one character we do n't like and another we do n't believe , and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and is n't very funny .	
And if you appreciate the one-sided theme to Lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade , then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified Martin Lawrence lovefest .	
The whole film has this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product .	
Whenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy , a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us .	
Swinging , the film makes it seem , is not a hobby that attracts the young and fit .	
But when it does , you 're entirely unprepared .	
Devos delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower .	
300 years of Russian history and culture compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness .	
The filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time , and in their cheap , B movie way , they succeed .	
Mr. Polanski is in his element here : alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival .	
`` Spider-man is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff .	
Absorbing character	
Violent , vulgar and forgettably entertaining .	
It 's the unsettling images of a war-ravaged land that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of Sarah and Harrison .	
Winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars .	
If Mostly Martha is mostly unsurprising , it 's still a sweet , even delectable diversion .	
A thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people , seen through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause .	
Keenly observed and refreshingly natural , Swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in Myrtle Beach , S.C. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .	
A brilliant gag at the expense of those who paid for it and those who pay to see it .	
A triumph , a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light .	
Just about everyone involved here seems to be coasting .	
A fascinating , dark thriller that keeps you hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction .	
I suspect this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the DVD .	
It 's hard to say who might enjoy this , are there Tolstoy groupies out there ?	
Daughter From Danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds .	
One of the year 's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces .	
Intriguing and downright intoxicating .	
Although fairly involving as far as it goes , the film does n't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up Catholic or , really , anything .	
The movie is silly beyond comprehension , and even if it were n't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension .	
Sleek and arty .	
Poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue highlight the radical action .	
-LRB- Cho 's face is -RRB- an amazing slapstick instrument , creating a scrapbook of living mug shots .	
It gets the details of its time frame right but it completely misses its emotions .	
Initial strangeness inexorably gives way to rote sentimentality and mystical tenderness becomes narrative expedience .	
It lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho , without making him any less psycho .	
Like the world of his film , Hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it .	
When cowering and begging at the feet a scruffy Giannini , Madonna gives her best performance since Abel Ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his Dangerous Game .	
Too clumsy in key moments ... to make a big splash .	
Because Eight Legged Freaks is partly an homage to Them , Tarantula and other low - budget B-movie thrillers of the 1950s and '60s , the movie is a silly -LRB- but not sophomoric -RRB- romp through horror and hellish conditions .	
It feels like very light Errol Morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs .	
Spielberg 's realization of a near-future America is masterful .	
There 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : Mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces .	
He 's one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness .	
Feels like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form .	
... stale and uninspired .	
In the director 's cut , the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .	
Has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke .	
Eerily accurate depiction of depression .	
As a feature-length film , it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character .	
An uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations . '	
The story alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head .	
It 's the filmmakers ' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time B movies good-bad that makes Eight Legged Freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion .	
As any creature-feature fan knows , when you cross toxic chemicals with a bunch of exotic creatures , you get a lot of running around , screaming and death .	
You bet there is and it 's what makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking .	
Before it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy , Steven Shainberg 's adaptation of Mary Gaitskill 's harrowing short story ... is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience .	
Kim Ki-Deok seems to have in mind an -LRB- emotionally at least -RRB- adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested .	
Has no reason to exist , other than to employ Hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents .	
A well-made but emotionally scattered film whose hero gives his heart only to the dog .	
Those who love Cinema Paradiso will find the new scenes interesting , but few will find the movie improved .	
Campanella gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful .	
Nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises .	
It 's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects .	
Wallace gets a bit heavy handed with his message at times , and has a visual flair that waxes poetic far too much for our taste .	
Charming and funny -LRB- but ultimately silly -RRB- movie .	
... the one thing this Wild film has that other Imax films do n't : chimps , lots of chimps , all blown up to the size of a house .	
Starts out mediocre , spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion .	
This is a children 's film in the truest sense .	
Horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible .	
Beautifully crafted , engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing .	
An awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism .	
The punch lines that miss , unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one .	
Like Smoke Signals , the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama	
Evokes the style and flash of the double-cross that made Mamet 's `` House of Games '' and last fall 's `` Heist '' so much fun .	
The film aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once .	
At a brief 42 minutes , we need more X and less blab .	
The Spalding Gray equivalent of a teen gross-out comedy .	
There 's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments .	
Uneven but a lot of fun .	
The result might look like Vulgar .	
The film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes -- it 's insanely violent and very graphic .	
The dragons are the real stars of Reign of Fire and you wo n't be disappointed .	
It never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people .	
Manages to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state .	
The movie generates plot points with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing .	
Though the film never veers from its comic course , its unintentional parallels might inadvertently evoke memories and emotions which are anything but humorous .	
The film can depress you about life itself .	
If you saw it on TV , you 'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie .	
You get the impression that writer and director Burr Steers knows the territory ... but his sense of humor has yet to lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools .	
This is a superior horror flick .	
The movie 's heavy-handed screenplay navigates a fast fade into pomposity and pretentiousness .	
A little weak -- and it is n't that funny .	
But they do n't fit well together and neither is well told .	
Being latently gay and liking to read are hardly enough .	
More sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are ... an amusing little catch .	
Storytelling feels slight .	
Monte Cristo smartly emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds .	
It 's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned Indian film culture that allows Americans to finally revel in its splendor .	
Well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances of the grieving process .	
... only Bond can save us from the latest eccentric , super-wealthy megalomaniac bent on world domination and destruction .	
It is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound .	
Damon brings the proper conviction to his role as -LRB- Jason Bourne -RRB- .	
Parents beware ; this is downright movie penance .	
When it 's this rich and luscious , who cares ?	
A singularly off-putting romantic comedy .	
Director Boris von Sychowski instead opts for a routine slasher film that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through .	
Would 've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement .	
A superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : Everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find .	
An earnest , roughshod document , it serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool .	
Cloaks a familiar anti-feminist equation -LRB- career - kids = misery -RRB- in tiresome romantic-comedy duds .	
A film that plays things so nice 'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen .	
His work transcends the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love stories .	
An even more predictable , cliche-ridden endeavor than its predecessor .	
Plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of TV 's Dawson 's Creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of Love Story .	
The script covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people .	
The film is so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen .	
They threw loads of money at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans .	
It 's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 .	
Though the film is well-intentioned , one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable .	
Jolting into Charleston rhythms , the story has the sizzle of old news that has finally found the right vent -LRB- accurate ?	
Or both .	
Williams plays Sy , another of his open-faced , smiling madmen , like the killer in Insomnia .	
Phoned-in business as usual .	
With its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action , All About the Benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .	
Ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze .	
Thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot of very bad Scouse accents	
In an era where big stars and high production values are standard procedure , Narc strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve .	
A rip-roaring comedy action fest that 'll put hairs on your chest .	
... a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind .	
Miyazaki is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers .	
A chronicle not only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department .	
Provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' I need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending .	
Feels strangely hollow at its emotional core .	
At a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism American moviemaking ever had , Godfrey Reggio 's career shines like a lonely beacon .	
Director Roger Michell does so many of the little things right that it 's difficult not to cuss him out severely for bungling the big stuff .	
Robert Harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills -- his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film 's thick shadows .	
This movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen , but it 's the work of an artist , one whose view of America , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .	
Feral and uncomfortable .	
Sillier , cuter , and shorter than the first -LRB- as best I remember -RRB- , but still a very good time at the cinema .	
It 's more enjoyable than I expected , though , and that 's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs .	
Black-and-white and unrealistic .	
The film is predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol .	
The only camouflage Carvey should now be considering is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .	
Not about scares but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense .	
Some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , but overall the film never rises above mediocrity .	
Offers the flash of rock videos fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere .	
A breezy blend of art , history , esoteric musings and philosophy .	
Now as a former Gong Show addict , I 'll admit it , my only complaint is that we did n't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show .	
Genuinely unnerving .	
The increasingly diverse French director has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history .	
One of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature .	
A difficult but worthy film that bites off more than it can chew by linking the massacre of Armenians in 1915 with some difficult relationships in the present .	
Halfway through the movie , the humor dwindles .	
Witty and often surprising , a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy .	
One senses in World Traveler and in his earlier film that Freundlich bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact .	
In fact , even better .	
... a preachy parable stylized with a touch of John Woo bullet ballet .	
Proves that some movie formulas do n't need messing with -- like the big-bug movie .	
An uplifting , largely bogus story .	
Thanks to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances , the way to that destination is a really special walk in the woods .	
Superbly photographed and staged by Mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen .	
A mesmerizing cinematic poem from the first frame to the last .	
After the first 10 minutes , which is worth seeing	
It has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past .	
Screenwriter Chris ver Weil 's directing debut is good-natured and never dull , but its virtues are small and easily overshadowed by its predictability .	
Too much of Storytelling moves away from Solondz 's social critique , casting its audience as that of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur 's professional injuries .	
Ultimately , Sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .	
The jokes are flat , and the action looks fake .	
A mildly enjoyable if toothless adaptation of a much better book .	
Festers in just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you .	
In addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry .	
A vile , incoherent mess ... a scummy ripoff of David Cronenberg 's brilliant ` Videodrome . '	
First , for a movie that tries to be smart , it 's kinda dumb .	
I was sent a copyof this film to review on DVD .	
... silly humbuggery ...	
Is n't as sharp as the original ... Despite some visual virtues , ` Blade II ' just does n't cut it .	
A smart , arch and rather cold-blooded comedy .	
-LRB- A -RRB- rather thinly-conceived movie .	
Its flame-like , roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude .	
Robinson 's web of suspense matches the page-turning frenzy that Clancy creates .	
A slight but sweet film .	
Got a David Lynch jones ?	
Earnest and tentative even when it aims to shock .	
Time of Favor could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .	
`` Austin Powers in Goldmember '' has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .	
What puzzles me is the lack of emphasis on music in Britney Spears ' first movie .	
The filmmakers might want to look it up .	
While maintaining the appearance of clinical objectivity , this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among Wiseman 's warmest .	
There is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country .	
A dreary movie .	
Sadly , though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear , they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .	
To the filmmakers , Ivan is a prince of a fellow , but he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit .	
Using a stock plot , About a Boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater .	
Beating the Austin Powers films at their own game , this blaxploitation spoof downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness .	
What begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters .	
Buy popcorn .	
A late-night cable sexploitation romp masquerading as a thriller about the ruthless social order that governs college cliques .	
A well-intentioned effort that 's still too burdened by the actor 's offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility .	
-LRB- Allen 's -RRB- been making piffle for a long while , and Hollywood Ending may be his way of saying that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now .	
Seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable , the director 's experiment is a successful one .	
Judith and Zaza 's extended bedroom sequence ... is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics .	
Uneven performances and a spotty script add up to a biting satire that has no teeth .	
... irritating soul-searching garbage .	
A solid , spooky entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket .	
Ultimately , clarity matters , both in breaking codes and making movies .	
In comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class London life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little .	
Proves mainly that South Korean filmmakers can make undemanding action movies with all the alacrity of their Hollywood counterparts .	
Except it 's much , much better .	
It is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film .	
There is more than one joke about putting the toilet seat down .	
has -RRB-	
So original in its base concept that you can not help but get caught up .	
It appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .	
If you ignore the cliches and concentrate on City by the Sea 's interpersonal drama , it ai n't half-bad .	
A dreadful day in Irish history is given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment .	
See it .	
Nothing but an episode of Smackdown !	
A guilty pleasure at best , and not worth seeing unless you want to laugh at it .	
Perhaps a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated .	
A relative letdown .	
` Hey Arnold ! '	
But though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more .	
The band performances featured in Drumline are red hot ... -LRB- but -RRB- from a mere story point of view , the film 's ice cold .	
A non-mystery mystery .	
Leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema .	
The cast delivers without sham the raw-nerved story .	
This is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy .	
The filmmaker 's heart is in the right place ...	
One of the most highly-praised disappointments I 've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time .	
Rock 's stand-up magic wanes .	
Roman Polanski directs The Pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion .	
Sadly , ` Garth ' has n't progressed as nicely as ` Wayne . '	
With wit and empathy to spare , waydowntown acknowledges the silent screams of workaday inertia but stops short of indulging its characters ' striving solipsism .	
It labours as storytelling .	
Remember back when thrillers actually thrilled ?	
The otherwise good-naturedness of Mr. Deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less - than-likely New York celebrities ... certainly raises the film above anything Sandler 's been attached to before .	
Fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur .	
... a ho-hum affair , always watchable yet hardly memorable .	
I just saw this movie ... well , it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie .	
Though uniformly well acted , especially by young Ballesta and Galan -LRB- a first-time actor -RRB- , writer\/director Achero Manas 's film is schematic and obvious .	
When you resurrect a dead man , Hard Copy should come a-knocking , no ?	
If the idea of the white man arriving on foreign shores to show wary natives the true light is abhorrent to you , the simplistic Heaven will quite likely be more like hell .	
It 's hard to believe that a relationship like Holly and Marina 's could survive the hothouse emotions of teendom , and its longevity gets more inexplicable as the characterizations turn more crassly reductive .	
For a movie audience , The Hours does n't connect in a neat way , but introduces characters who illuminate mysteries of sex , duty and love .	
Purports to be a Hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging .	
Too clever by about nine-tenths .	
This is no `` Waterboy ! ''	
They 're going through the motions , but the zip is gone .	
The script 's snazzy dialogue establishes a realistic atmosphere that involves us in the unfolding crisis , but the lazy plotting ensures that little of our emotional investment pays off .	
Not as good as the original , but what is ...	
Those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary should give `` Scratch '' a second look .	
Bigelow offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable .	
An unsophisticated sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously .	
Stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top , and amateurish .	
Resident Evil is what comes from taking John Carpenter 's Ghosts of Mars and eliminating the beheadings .	
The movie resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates .	
With or without the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny , told well by a master storyteller	
Though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen The Hunger or Cat People will find little new here , but a tasty performance from Vincent Gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary .	
A terrific date movie , whatever your orientation .	
Once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand , even the funniest idea is n't funny .	
How do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ?	
Translation : ` We do n't need to try very hard . '	
`` Frailty '' offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies .	
Less front-loaded and more shapely than the two-hour version released here in 1990 .	
An ambitious movie that , like Shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough of its effects to make up for the ones that do n't come off .	
Some movies suck you in despite their flaws , and Heaven is one such beast .	
Very well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience .	
Twenty years after its first release , E.T. remains the most wondrous of all Hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of Steven Spielberg 's misunderstood career .	
Gooding offers a desperately ingratiating performance .	
... stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage come even easier .	
Nicely combines the enigmatic features of ` Memento ' with the hallucinatory drug culture of ` Requiem for a Dream . '	
Every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices , but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible .	
Just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny .	
This ill-conceived and expensive project winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it .	
Broder 's screenplay is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs .	
Leguizamo and Jones are both excellent and the rest of the cast is uniformly superb .	
Trying to figure out the rules of the Country Bear universe -- when are bears bears and when are they like humans , only hairier -- would tax Einstein 's brain .	
`` Feardotcom '' has the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel , but it simply becomes a routine shocker .	
Delia , Greta , and Paula rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year .	
The beauty of Alexander Payne 's ode to the Everyman is in the details .	
The town has kind of an authentic feel , but each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial .	
Julie Davis is the Kathie Lee Gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent .	
Much credit must be given to the water-camera operating team of Don King , Sonny Miller , and Michael Stewart .	
In this film , Aussie David Caesar channels the not-quite-dead career of Guy Ritchie .	
As averse as I usually am to feel-good , follow-your-dream Hollywood fantasies , this one got to me .	
Maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there 's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is .	
Would you laugh if a tuba-playing dwarf rolled down a hill in a trash can ?	
Loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness .	
This misty-eyed Southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine , winds up mired in tear-drenched quicksand .	
To be oblivious to the existence of this film would be very sweet indeed .	
Despite its flaws ... Belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn .	
A porn film without the sex scenes .	
The movie plays up the cartoon 's more obvious strength of snazziness while neglecting its less conspicuous writing strength .	
Notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , I 'm going to recommend SECRETARY , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by Spader and Gyllenhaal , and also the unique way Shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl -	
Despite slick production values and director Roger Michell 's tick-tock pacing , the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .	
`` Barbershop '' is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story .	
A soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for NBA properties .	
An ambitious , serious film that manages to do virtually everything wrong ; sitting through it is something akin to an act of cinematic penance .	
Consistently clever and suspenseful .	
Soderbergh skims the fat from the 1972 film .	
Hilarious musical comedy though stymied by accents thick as mud .	
A movie like The Guys is why film criticism can be considered work .	
Anyone who suffers through this film deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy .	
Bearable .	
Cremaster 3 is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of self-expression .	
But Kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them .	
See it for his performance if nothing else .	
The asylum material is gripping , as are the scenes of Jia with his family .	
I walked away from this new version of E.T. just as I hoped I would -- with moist eyes .	
Attal pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama .	
plays like some corny television production from a bygone era	
It 's a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming Washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today .	
Solondz may well be the only one laughing at his own joke	
Here 's a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior .	
Any enjoyment will be hinge from a personal threshold of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things .	
Some Body smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling .	
Though writer\/director Bart Freundlich 's film ultimately becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parent-child relationship , it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of Crudup 's anchoring performance .	
-LRB- Carvey 's -RRB- characters are both overplayed and exaggerated , but then again , subtlety has never been his trademark .	
This beautifully animated epic is never dull .	
Charming and witty , it 's also somewhat clumsy .	
In one scene , we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of Quentin Tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and Meat Loaf explodes .	
frustratingly refuses to give Pinochet 's crimes a political context	
Paul Bettany playing Malcolm McDowell ?	
A serviceable Euro-trash action extravaganza , with a decent sense of humor and plenty of things that go boom -- handguns , BMWs and seaside chateaus .	
Veterans of the dating wars will smirk uneasily at the film 's nightmare versions of everyday sex-in-the-city misadventures .	
It sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that .	
The rollerball sequences feel sanitised and stagey .	
Interview With the Assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its Blair Witch Project real-time roots .	
It is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth .	
A nearly 21\/2 hours , the film is way too indulgent .	
Seems like something American and European gay movies were doing 20 years ago .	
Claims to sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem .	
Mana gives us compelling , damaged characters who we want to help -- or hurt .	
Good-looking but relentlessly lowbrow outing plays like Clueless Does South Fork .	
Evokes a palpable sense of disconnection , made all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones .	
The concept is a hoot .	
A straight-shooting family film which awards animals the respect they 've rarely been given .	
The directive to protect the code at all costs also begins to blur as the importance of the man and the code merge	
What Eric Schaeffer has accomplished with Never Again may not , strictly speaking , qualify as revolutionary .	
Obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque .	
What can one say about a balding 50-year-old actor playing an innocent boy carved from a log ?	
Ca n't seem to get anywhere near the story 's center .	
Even with its $ 50-million US budget , Pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture .	
A little more intensity and a little less charm would have saved this film a world of hurt .	
Like most of Jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but more of it seems contrived and secondhand .	
Maelstrom is a deliberately unsteady mixture of stylistic elements .	
Just bring on the Battle Bots , please !	
Sweet Home Alabama is n't going to win any Academy Awards , but this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts .	
Love may have been in the air onscreen , but I certainly was n't feeling any of it .	
Too long , and larded with exposition , this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community .	
The young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ; the resolutions are too convenient .	
In some ways , Lagaan is quintessential Bollywood .	
A characteristically engorged and sloppy coming-of-age movie .	
A wry , affectionate delight .	
Credit director Ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it feel realistic .	
The auteur 's ear for the way fears and slights are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug .	
Gets better after Foster leaves that little room .	
Despite its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity , the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity .	
Friday After Next is the kind of film that could only be made by African-Americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards African-Americans .	
As lively an account as Seinfeld is deadpan .	
Brings awareness to an issue often overlooked -- women 's depression .	
Imagine a film that begins as a Seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of The Shining , The Thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s .	
Definitely funny stuff , but it 's more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with . '	
A heartening tale of small victories and enduring hope .	
An emotionally strong and politically potent piece of cinema .	
An extremely unpleasant film .	
More intellectually scary than dramatically involving .	
A puzzling experience .	
Jonah is only so-so ... the addition of a biblical message will either improve the film for you , or it will lessen it .	
I hope the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness .	
Intelligent and moving .	
This film is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own .	
Mark Wahlberg ... may look classy in a '60s - homage pokepie hat , but as a character he 's dry , dry , dry .	
The moral shrapnel and mental shellshock will linger long after this film has ended .	
As Warren he stumbles in search of all the emotions and life experiences he 's neglected over the years .	
It should have stayed there .	
... in the pile of useless actioners from MTV schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes .	
It is not the first time that director Sara Sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time she fails to provoke them .	
There 's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of Joan 's prefeminist plight , so we 're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity .	
There is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .	
Romantic , riveting and handsomely animated .	
This overproduced piece of dreck is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary .	
As saccharine as it is disposable .	
Captures the raw comic energy of one of our most flamboyant female comics .	
A subtle , poignant picture of goodness that is flawed , compromised and sad .	
An exceptionally acted , quietly affecting cop drama .	
Even in the summertime , the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities .	
Perfectly pitched between comedy and tragedy , hope and despair , About Schmidt instead comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness .	
She nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit .	
Despite modest aspirations its occasional charms are not to be dismissed .	
So exaggerated and broad that it comes off as annoying rather than charming .